1. confirmation email that Job Posted successfully
	a) confirmtion message (Your job has been posted succesfully)
	b) Job title, company name, company logo
	c) CTA button (view Post).
2. hired email to candidate
	a) congratulation message
	b) Job title, company name, company logo
	c) CTA button (view job details)
	d) employer contacts( CTA button for message )
	e) Some further details (your employer will contact you)
3. rejected email to candidate
	a) rejection message
	b) Job title, company name, company logo
	c) CTA button (view similiar job posts)
	d) Some tips, motivating couple of lines
4. employer reviewed your profile -> email to candidate
	a) XYZ has reviewed your application for ABC job post(with CTA button to view job details).
	b) further procedure message like wait till 2 days for XYZ to get back to you.
	c) CTA button to message the employer
	d) CTA button (view some similiar jobs)
	e) some reccommendations to take skill trainings(related to job applied to improve chances of selection)
6. confirmation email to candidate when applied for any task
	a) confirmtion message like(Your application has been succesfully submitted)
	b) Job title, company name, company logo
	c) CTA button (like view similiar tasks).
	d) CTA button to update email (if not updated)
	e) some reccommendations to take skill trainings(related to job applied to improve chances of selection)
There can be a follow-up email after this to take skill trainings, earn certificates, level-up (benefits of improving there level) to improve chances of selection
7. email/notification when completed any task, earned EI coins
	a) message that your task has been completed
	b) progress bar, prograss status
	c) progress bar or message to completed other incompleted tasks
	d) status about EI coins earned, Total EI coins earned
	e) CTA button to withdraw (if minimum requirements are fulfilled)
8. RSVP when showed interest to any live training session
	a) training session title
	b) training details
	c) Time,duration & date details
	d) benefits
	e) add to calendar button
	f) invite friends button
9. Training session reminder emails
	a) training session title
	b) training details
	c) Time,duration & date details
	d) Join/access button
	e) add to calendar button
10. Take skill assessment quiz emails
	a) training title, details
	b) Progress bar, (you have completed 79% of XYZ)
	c) Reminder to take the assessment test
	d) CTA button (take test)
11. email to user when someone views their profile (like LinkedIn).
	a) viewer's name, profile picture.
	b) Ranking, level, Tasks completed, Coins earned
	c) CTA button(view profile)
12. emails to complete task(recommendations) to the viewing user from second users profile.
	a) XYZ and 5 others have completed the following tasks (something like this)
	b) List of 5-6 task reccommendation
	c) Complete these tasks and upgrade your profile to silver Level (something like this)
13. Daily summary report(for the employer regarding tasks)
	a) List of each candidates (each with their progress bar of the task) & (Number of tasks completed today)
	b) CTA button (view full report)
14. Level-Up email
	a) congratulations, You have reached Silver level
	b) level progress bar
	c) CTA button (unlock mystery box)
	d) benefits of the level reached(like money = 1.1 x Coins)
	e) CTA button(view owns profile)
15. completed any prerequisite tasks
	a) You have completed 2/3 of the XYZ task (something like this)
	b) coins earned
	c) task progress bar
	d) List of remaining tasks
	e) Apply now button (if all prerequisite task completed)
16. messages from employer
	a) Senders name
	b) message snippet
	c) some tips (like mentioned in screenshots)
19. Verify your email( for new users)
	a) welcome message
	b) CTA button (verify your email)
18. someone applied for task you posted
	a) applicants name, profile picture, Level
	b) Leaderboard ranking, Total jobs completed, Modules completed, Last Month jobs completed
	c) few lines from bio
	d) CTA button ( redirect to applicants profile page/hiring page)